Is what you said true?
What Yunwei?
How can you be pregnant at this time?
And this is the trash picker.
Xu Chang, don't worry.
I will solve this matter.
Why did you give birth to such a dead girl?
Don't let the dignified girl Xu go
You have to hang out with this trash picker
You still
Ouch.
I don't care.
Even if you are really pregnant today, you have to see Eno
Try moving him.
You rubbish
What right do you have to interrupt
Ok you dog men
Shen Yunwei, I will tell all the aristocratic families in Yongzhou City
You are a dog
You fucking hit me again
Wait until my Xu family participates in the auction
In Yunzhou, the status is even higher than that of the Qing people
Then you'll still have this bitch
And this wild elbow in his belly
Sooner or later humph to death on the street
Will it open the door? Hahaha.
If you dare to tear me up, I want to get the letter.
I tear it up
What can you do?
Do you know
This auction is owned by Jiang Ye's genuine group
held
If you dare to invite privately, you are slapping Jiang Yu in the face.
Jiang Zhenhai's face
I hit it
So what?
You Jiang
What is your position on this cloud?
You trash
You're killing yourself, do you know that?
I tore up the invitation
You made our Shen family lose in vain
Opportunity for the powerful
The opportunity to make friends with the powerful
Sacrifice his daughter
In exchange for the opportunity to make friends with the powerful
What's your business?
You wait for me.
When Master Jiang comes, I will give you three knives and six holes.
But if you kneel down now
I can consider letting Master Jiang spare you
Let me kneel
I can't take it, hahaha, I can't take it.
Is there a sensitive bit on your back?
What can be broken if there is a shadow position?
You are so arrogant
He even wrote the word death on his face